Bookvibez

By Netta Zohar, Lior Saadon, Jehonathan Spigelman, Maayan Magenheim

Basic description:

Many of us don’t make reading a priority in our hectic day-to-day schedules. But when we embark on a long trip, 
we always take a book in the side pocketof our backpacks, hoping that what we read will enrich and broaden the 
travel experience. But what about when you’ve finished your current book and are ready for something new?
BookVibez Android app is a book exchange platform and social network, originally designed for young Israelis
trekking and traveling in India and East Asia. The app allows users to explore the books available nearby or in
current and upcoming destinations, and contact the owners for a meetup and book exchange. Then they can share
their thoughts and experiences as they read, so each book winds up having a “journey” of its own.

Product features & Instructions:

After the Login/Register screen, the user arrives at the map where he can see available nearby, explore books
in other locations or add a book to exchange. The user can also view the books in a list format. By clicking 
on Leaderboard, the user can view the “top scoring” users and highest rated books. The profile page displays
what each user is reading now and what he/she has previously read. The book page contains details about the
book (customized categories, author and contact details of the current owner). 

Known issues:
1. If the "around" button on the navigation bar is pressed after visiting other parts of the app (such as 
watching the leader-board or uploading a new book), it causes the list-view of the available books to remain empty
as it was never initialized. If the button is pressed at the before going to other parts of the app, it works fine.
We think it is caused due to an issue with Firebase's storage services. 

2. In order to open the autocomplete places provided by GoogleMaps, it's required to double-press the input-line 
until the google search bar shows up (instead of a single press).

3. The customized popup that is attached to the customized map icons will show only if the user is already zoomed
(after using the re-center button) and not while zooming in from the map by hand. This is a known issue with
this android extension that we used to create the customized icons. Also,it's also required to double-click the
icons on the map for the correct book picture to show up in the pop-up.
